Hi, this is the solution to exercise 84
and this was the output.
So let me close that. And this is the code and let me show how I came up with this code because to be honest I'm
not very familiar with the pyglet library but if you follow the standard procedure of researching about a library
you should be able to come up with some sample code.
So let me show you how would you do that.
A simple search for pyglet
should show you the pyglet the home page but also the pyglet home page in the Python Package Index website.
I prefer this. This is more standard.
So you have, here you have all the packages for Python listed in this website and they all have their
home pages in there.
This is the home page of pyglet. Sometimes you can find some sample code right here in this page.
But if you don't find it, than you have to look for that documentation link such as this one in here.
And then you have various links for the documentation.
And the one you want
in this case is a programming guide and this is the guide for people who are starting with pyglet.
Pyglet is a library for games, to build games
by the way. I mentioned earlier and yet here you'd want to go to writing a pyglet application and
you have various applications such as the hello world application image viewer way you can show an image
in a pyglet window.
But this is although the one we want and this is exactly the same code that builds this program that I showed
you.
So this is importing pyglet and you need to install pyglet, so if you see that when you run
the code, you get an import error. That means that you need to install pyglet with pip install pyglet.
And then you want to create a window object with this code and after that what you want to display
is some text. To display text it says that you create a label object like this label here.
And here are, these are the parameters. I guess they are quite clear.
So it's putting the text in the center of the window and then you have this decorator which is attached
to these objects so at window events, so when an event happensr which in this case means when the window
is opened. The windows should clear first
if it has something, and then a label should be drawn in the window.
And then finally you have pyglet.app.run.
So these will run the app.
Yeah, this is exactly the same code as mine in here.
So the purpose I included this application was to show you how to do some research for code samples
on a new library.
I hope you enjoyed this, and I'll talk to you later.